hi mrs. Josie Lamaze from Baylor world
Arnett and in this video is called the
beyblade metal fury the fall go rapper
2pac battle so let's see we got wow my
wall I mean wow these are pretty awesome
Eli's before and Canada tempo in every
of my ask one use in the middle fury
Stadium now if first of all it's easier
to clear shot on the stadium and second
of all it's kind of boring if it's in
the middle fury don't wait to be all
rude like a fence stadium it's just that
this one is much more easier they can
both get senior mountain so getting
stuck in a corner and waiting five
minutes for them to get out
I don't hate nano for your statem just
takes a really long time for the battles
that's the only reason
so anyways three rounds and the round
for the fans Tamara one come on people
incredibly successful 1 shot KO scores
now 1 0 so now round 2 let it simple
count your time
well then I even sure you can have your
time but counter tempo
special move hi Candace
I have no especial who was this final
dimension Toyota mention counter style
dimension anyways our winner is befall
the Ripper with the sport evil befall
befall I can't say that name anymore
it's going out to zero so now round
three hope I got perfect launch on that
but I mean for a really it's basically
like the medium length oh I'm yes I
think I know why it won the prize
beyblade that's a prize like you know
it's amazing like they basically get me
and after and love packets like holy
feet ball the rubber so the ball is the
winner touch it just used its special
loop the Ripper so anyways we're going
to do our round for fans and now my
ultimate watch with a naval compass so
like an angle launch
let us see looks like your tempo is
really losing its rotation and our
winner is Pete ball hope I sit upright
so anyway tasted pretty awesome suddenly
be legs have stopped spinning so please
make sure you like this video make it
your favorite and chairs put sprite
thanks for watching hope you enjoy this
video so much excited as much as I did
as my side